docs(README): fix "REST API" preview information (#2215)
octokit/octokit.js: README.md

#### Media Type previews and formats

> **Note**: The concept of _previews_ has been deprecated from REST API endpoints hosted via `api.github.com` but it still exists in GHE (GitHub Enterprise Server) version 3.2 and below. Instead of using _previews_ going forward, new features are now being tested using beta previews that users will have to opt-in to.

Reviewer: nit/optional
```suggestion
**Note**: The concept of _preview headers_ has been deprecated from REST API endpoints hosted via `api.github.com` but it still exists in GHES (GitHub Enterprise Server) version 3.2 and below. Instead of using _preview headers_ going forward, new features are now being tested using beta previews that users will have to opt-in to.
```
